{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ################################################################################\
\'93THE EFFECT OF ELECTING FEMALE CANDIDATES ON ATTITUDES TOWARDS INTIMATE PARTNER VIOLENCE\'94\
\
NICHOLAS KUIPERS\
\
nkuipers@berkeley.edu\
\
MAY 27, 2019\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ################################################################################\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
1. Summary:\
\
This folder contains the datasets and code necessary to recreate all the tables and figures in \'93The Effect of Electing Female Candidates on Attitudes Towards Intimate Partner Violence.\'94 The \'93replication_file\'94 folder follows a simple structure, with three main folders: (1) data, (2) code, and (3) outputs. Below, I describe the contents of each folder.\
\
2. Data:\
\
There are nine datasets in the \'93Data\'94 folder, all of which are used. The datasets are kept separate for simplicity, and because they often have different units of analysis. Here, I describe the contents of each individual dataset.\
\
a. \'93pub_opinion_results.csv\'94 is the main dataset used to recreate the analyses, with the constituency (dapil) as the main unit of analysis. Each observation includes an indicator of the treatment variable (woman_win) and\'97if the constituency was randomly sampled in the 2012/2007 DHS surveys\'97- it also includes outcome variables.\
\
b. \'93pub_opinion_results_individual.csv\'94 is the same as the main (a) dataset, without the data being aggregated to the consituency level.\
\
c. \'93estimation_sample_dapils_w_gender.csv\'94 this is a dataset of the proportion of each constituency in the sample, measuring the share of seats held by female candidates.\
\
d. \'93budget_results.csv\'94 contains variables measuring the share of local budgets dedicated to \'93health initiatives\'94 in 2012.\
\
e. \'93candidate_2019_data.csv\'94 contains information on over 240,000 candidates for legislative office in 2019 (note the different electoral cycle). This dataset is used to assess the proportion of candidates mentioning women\'92s issues in their campaign platform, by candidate gender. It also includes other interesting information.\
\
f. \'93election_characteristics_balance.csv\'94 this is a dataset of contemporaneous electoral characteristics, used to assess balance across treatment and control constituencies.\
\
g. \'93laws_dprd_2009.csv\'94 this is a dataset of local laws passed before 2009 in Indonesia.\
\
h. \'93center_data.csv\'94 this is a dataset of the extent of p2tp2a centers in Indonesia, along with their dates of construction.\
\
3. Code:\
\
All of the scripts required for recreating the tables and figures in the paper are contained in this folder. All scripts are run from the \'93main.R\'94 file. You will be required to install the required packages yourself. Each table/figure has its own script, which is sorted into the \'93figures\'94 or \'93tables\'94 folders within the \'93code\'94 folder. A final script \'93functions.R\'94 contains a number of original functions that are needed to run the analyses.\
\
4. Outputs:\
\
This folder should be empty\'97except for one hand-written LaTeX table. All the outputs of the scripts (tables/figures) should be produced into this folder.\
\
}